next
	trimui: scaling (there's a DE test somewhere around here)
		I think we'll be good to go once 
		I dummy resolution switching
		not quite there yet
		I was really trying not to rewrite this to match logic of other platform.c
			implementations but I think I need to in order to understand what it's
			actually doing/how it works :\
	rg353: scaling
	rg353: building with everything else
	
known issues
	miyoomini: low battery overlay isn't implemented yet
	miyoomini: audio popping between launches (fixed?)
	miyoomini: prevent tearing strict introduces tearing :sob:
	
	trimuismart: debug hud isn't available 
	trimuismart: low battery overlay isn't implemented yet
	trimuismart: faux rtc isn't implemented yet
	trimuismart: missing L2/R2
	
	rg353: scaling isn't implemented yet
	rg353: clock will reset to gmt after returning to stock on wifi

	trimui: scaling isn't implemented yet
	trimui: low battery overlay isn't implemented yet
	trimui: faux rtc isn't implemented yet
	trimui: debug hud isn't available
	trimui: missing L2/R2
	
	nano: scaling isn't implemented yet
	nano: pokemini doesn't restore audio when resuming from minui

nano
	test nano MinUI SD in all other (fully) supported devices
		no joy :sob:
		can the boot partition be hidden from other devices?
		or can I change the boot order to prioritize nand over sd?
	minarch
		cores
		patches
	scaling
	is overclocking possible?
		no?

all
	clock
		- 
	abstract away scaler selection
		there are multiple things at play here
			currently it assumes that there are two stages
				integer software upscaling
				non-integer hardware downsampling
		but also think about how this will be handled in SDL2 
			which doesn't need scaling
		what if the entire video_refresh_callback() was platform specific?
	
	simple progress animation for installing/updating
		launch as a daemon with &
		draws in a corner
		kill after install/update complete
		if it's circular we don't even need to worry about rotation :sweat_smile:
	main makefile
		targets have too many dependencies
	.tmp_update doesn't get updated?
		I think it does now? double check

	cores
		-
		
	minarch
		support adding or hiding frontend options (by platform? could just be hardcoded into default.cfg)
			maybe even platform-based compile time exclusion (eg. overclocking doesn't work on trimui but it does need frameskip)
		some aspect scaling isn't working correctly
			fceumm is ending up not-quite-native but also not the full aspect ratio
				something to do with PAGE_SIZE limitations?
				same for snes9x
			I think I should redo both scaler selectors

		doesn't pickup on core setting ratio changes? eg. fceumm
		support missing buttons with MENU+BUTTON? (smart,model s,nano)
	api
		GFX_blitDebug(text,x,y)?
			simple for everything but trimuismart with its -90° screen
	minui
		info window vertical centering is off on 1x devices
		support multiple tags in folder name?
			eg. Super Nintendo (SFC,SFCALT)
			where SFX.pak is only present on higher power systems and
			SFCALT.pak is an older core meant for lower power systems
			stats will not be compatible because of the different core but...
		shows games in alt collated folders even if the alt pak isn't present...
			not sure how that's possible...
	add a "res" (or "many"?) folder 
		for install/update and charging gfx?
	show
	say
	confirm

trimui
	overclock
		crashy
	scaling
	overlay
	create core patches
	
	cores
		picodrive
			doesn't recover from quicksave reliably...
		snes9x2005_plus 
			no sound
		snes9x2005
			only running at ~45fps
			frameskip of 1 is probably necessary but 2005 doesn't have that option
			will need to patch
		gpsp
			ffiv requires manual frameskip of 1 to not chug on mode7 bits
	
rg353
	toolchain: patch buildroot SDL for POWER/PLUS/MINUS (see rg35xx)
	would love to get adbd working...
	overclocking
	additional cores
	rumble
	vsync
		appears to work
		lets setup our own double buffer so we can use it
	get latest MinUI/launch.sh from SD card

smart
	cores
		supa starfox perf bad
		pcsx freeze opening menu tekken 3
	sync rtc
		also sync rtc when saving (game or state) in minarch?
		what happens when two device you're swapping the sd card between disagree on datetime?
			what does that do to games that expect an RTC?

	what if led always flashed while sleeping (once the quicksave is created, then you know it's safe to poweroff)
		we don't have a hook into POW_fauxSleep to do that...unless we thread it 
			but that goes against the idea of an idle sleep state :sweat_smile:
	
	keymon
		battery/usb monitoring
			might be fine where it is
	update default.cfg that include bindings for L2/R2?
	battery overlay

miyoomini
	there's a long delay before installing, add a preparing install graphic?
		fixed (display was only initialized when updating :facepalm:)
	
	separate settings file for mini and plus
	
	prevent tearing modes are in conflict
		lenient has no tearing, flickering settings overlay
		strict has tearing, flicker-free settings overlay
	battery overlay
	update tearing defaults to strict for
		gba
		md
		???

miniplus
	-
	
rg35xx
	how to handle updating on mini and missing TF1 updates as a result?
		could I write the version to the .minstalled file
		if it doesn't match the current one run the installer
		trimui smart has a similar issue now
			the bootstrap folder updates /etc/main


rg35xx/install and miyoomini/install have png/bmp versions of the same files
	as do miyoomini/dat/ and rg35xx/ramdisk/

I think I might want to checkout a fresh copy of union-minui create a union branch delete everything in it and copy this into it (try as a single commit first and see how smart it is about moving things versus a delete and an add commit)
no, rename and archive the original union (union-prototype) and rename this to just union

README

have a verbose version and a short list version

---

1. makefile routes requests through makefile.toolchain
2. which clones the toolchain repo if necessary and
3. spins up a docker to run workspace/makefile build for each/the target platform
4. which builds commone elfs and punts to workspace/PLATFORM/makefile
5. which builds unique platform elfs

there's more to this now (eg. PLATFORM/makefile.copy)

---

potential mm+ identifier
	/customer/app/axp_test exists
	/miyoo354 instead of /miyoo

replace 
	git clone repo && cd repo && git checkout branch 
with
	git clone --depth 1 --branch branch repo
note: doesn't work with commits only branches

---

https://discord.com/invite/p4uRmCd